Name: Hunter Price
CS307 Final Project - JavaFX Game & Video Game Library
GitHub Repository: https://github.com/andreicozma1/CS307FinalProject
Updated Feature TO-DO List on Trello: https://trello.com/b/ghb9XDRV/cs307-final-project

Required Time: Minimum of 30 hours for myself

Completed List:
-- Implement a working menu that changes the menu scene to the game scene
-- Implement a OOP style menu builder inorder to create multiple different types of
   menus (ex: main menu, highscore menu, options menu, pause menu, etc.)
-- Implement a group controller to control what scene is shown on the scene
-- Learn how to draw 3D shapes onto a javafx canvas
-- Implement an OOP style class to build structures in the Environment using inheritance
-- Implement a disjoint set using path compression

Milestones:
-- Add collision with the generated structures
-- Implement a program to randomly generate a maze given set parameters
-- Generate OOP class to build a maze in the terrain for the player to navigate through.
-- Make the maze generate on top of the already generated terrain. This will
   allow a maze to spawn on top of a randomly generated terrain and on flat terrain
-- implement a pause menu

Rubric Out Of 40:
(5 pts) Implement a disjoint set data structure
(10 pts) Implement an algorithm to randomly generate a maze using disjointsets
(5 pts) Implement a class to use the randomly generated maze to draw the maze onto the canvas
(10 pts) Implement a collision system so the player cannot clip through the structures drawn
         into the environment
(5 pts) Implement a skybox class to give lighting to the environment
        (sun/moon) etc.
(5 pts) Implement a pause menu that the user can go to then return to the game


Time Log:
# Hours | Description
    2   | Spent by learning how to set up the intellij ide and
        | To figure out how to make the javafx library compatible with my laptop
    2   | Watching videos on how to use the javafx library. How to display scenes,
        | how to communicate across scenes, how to draw on scenes, etc.
   0.5  | Creating a 3D player model
    3   | Creating menu util to flexibly generate different menus using the groupBuilder class
        | that I also wrote. Groupbuilder will add different structures to a group and MenuUtil
        | will hold each group(menu) that is made in the class
   2.5  | Created a scene controller controls if the menu scene or the game scene is displayed
        | This also has functionallity to easily change the current scene
    1   | Started implementing mouse functions. On the menu the mouse will change
        | if it is hovering over a button. Added a function to center the mouse in the
        | center of the screen to be able to move the player view with the mouse.
    2   | Begin implementing OOP class to add structures into the environment. There is
        | a base object class that is extended by multiple other classes.
   0.5  | Implemented a DisjointSet class using Path Compression for GenerateMaze
   0.5  | Begin writing class to generate mazes on the terrain using disjoint sets



6 hr april 1st working on the settings menu

We have put a decent amount of work into the project and I feel good about the
potential end result of our project.

Current Total Time: 14 hours